Days till tavern is lost: 1
Secomber reputation: PCs known to be working with Alessandra
(deceased) Lecrux reputation: PCs are known to be back at large.
Bandits reputation: Fear the PCs, but vengeful of their attack in misty forest
Mayor of Secomber (Traskar) reputation: bit of an annoyance, but a necessary one. Proven their worth.

PCs
Adger: halfling bloodhunter - has debts to pay
Ildas: halfelf druid
Slyvanias Distrae: halfelf warlock of the raven queen
Anders greenbottle: halfling rogue
Gurd: goblin artificer, hails from Eberron, a strange land
Justice: assimar barb, wishes to atone for perceived bad deeds he committed long ago.
Agries: human wizard
Tomas Kin: human ranger
Esther: human wizard
zanzibar: gnome barbarian
georgie: half-orc pally of tempest

NPCs I forget...
Derval JR: dwarven companion, works with the mayor as a sort of right hand man. Father is the smithy in Daggerford
Traskar: mayor of Secomber
Bishop Mordecai: priest at temple of helm, dislikes the party, particularly for stealing from his medicine chest.
Esmerelda: druid of the grove behind the temple of helm
Chuck: derval's friend, shows party the silver cavern on the delimbyr
diana: assistant to traskar
uther: halfling fisherman, deceased
imoen, human seamstress, owned business, deceased
obrien: captain of secomber guard
Dawn: PI from Daggerford, trusted, but ornery.

agries; sublet her quarters in daggerford

4 silver ore chunks left


Notes:

- one of Lecrux's wererat minions got away.
- zanzabar infected with wererat lycanthropy
- party receives 700 gp, +1 longsword (vesalius, owned previously by Ricard of Secomber), amulet of    protection (+1 AC), lecrux's grimoire, lecrux's amulet

Current events:
- Phobo has fled to Daggerford
- Ricard gives key to the house to the party  
- alessandra knows that the party suspects Phobo
- The party will likely give chase to Phobo into Daggerford, in search of the stolen money. They've only got a day, so they'll need to act quickly. They are told that they will need to get the gold to the coin repository for a writ of intent, then bring that writ of intent to the landlord who resides at the guildhall across town.
  - Of course the party could dig into their own pockets to complete the transaction then search for the gold without the time pressure. But there's no guarantee that the gold will turn up.
  - The party will need to find "Salamander", then find where they are going to meet Phobo. Phobo's notebook has some clues to that point (give the party a map of Daggerford):
    - "I shall arrive at the House of Tymora... for a dram of dragon's breath. Hoho!" (Arrive at the Lady Luck tavern, order a dram of dragon's breath liquor. that's the first signal)
    - "That Alessandra drives me up the wall sometimes! She treats me like a lowly tiller, when she should treat me like Pwyll himself! And you can take that to the blacksmith!" (Follow wall street, take it up to farmer's road, then to Duke's way, then stop at Wayfel's smithy.)
    - "They'll ask me a question whose answer I don't agree with. Hmph!" If all steps are follow correctly, Sala and Mandy will arrive with the money. They will be suspicious of the party. If the party will need to answer the final challenge: "Who's more lowly than Tiamat?" (Answer: Phobo) The party may have to fight the two thieves if it comes down to it.
    - The party can then rush back and get the money to the landlord. With that it will be a job well done!