Hommlet reputation: flaunts their wealth, somewhat strange
rannos, gremag reputation: party's presence is a nuisance. Trying to scare them out of town.
Lareth Reputation: the party is a threat to the temple.
Burne/Rufus reputation: party is inexperienced, but proving their worth

PCs:

Cetheros: aasimar paladin
Spike: human ranger
Peltier: h-orc barb
noel: dwarf druid	
anders: halfling rogue
pipperwill: gnome druid
eragon: half-elf bard
balonde: mountain dwarf barb
venvir: blue d-born cleric, tempest domain
Warish: human wizard (?)

Party NPCs:
alex: human fighter (2-handed longsword)
pluck: gnome fighter (xbow)
Ilyana: Elvish Archer
Phalanx: Dwarvish Warrior


NPCs I forget...
Ostler Gundigoot: owner of the welcome winch
Jaroo: druid in the grove
Rannos Davl: proprietor of trading post
Gremag: Rannos' minion
Lubash: ogre warden (deceased)
Lareth: bandit leader


Notes:

- The fight with Lareth continues. It's a bit of a tossup at this point as to who will win.
  If he senses that victory is lost, he will attempt to flee through the secret passage in his lair.
  - If the party is wiped, Rufus will infiltrate the moathouse too late to catch Lareth,
  but will manage to rescue any survivors amongst the fallen party members. Those who have
  been slain will have to be revived somehow if possible. Such magicks are available at the
  temple of St Cuthbert, but will be quite expensive. The party may decide to recruit new members in Nulb.
  - If the party wins, Rufus will make an appearance, congratulating the party on their efforts, paying
  them 1000 GP. He will inform them that Nulb is the next theater of operation. The party is to report
  to the guard tower after some R&R. There he will brief them on the steady flow of marauders who seem
  to be centered around that wretched town. It is, of course, quite close to the dark temple, which he
  suspects is still very much a breeding ground for these agents of evil. He advises against infiltrating the
  temple right away given the party's "lack of experience". Besides, Nulb is in plenty need of help itself.